Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to talk about how we can start building chatbots with our local large
language models and olama.
So we are going to see how we can achieve all these operations in this particular section.
So you can see that basically we are going to be using the same knowledge that we have acquired in our
last section.
If you remember, we were doing this historical chat message history, which is going to store our history
message of the chat information.
And it's going to be passing it all the way to the large language model from the power of this long
chain.
So we are going to use the same knowledge that we have acquired in our last section.
And now we are going to see how we can use this, uh, concept and implement a chatbot.
But this time we are going to be implementing the chatbot using a tool or a library called a Streamlet,
which is going to make that happen.
And again, this particular application is going to look something like this.
As you can see over here at the end of this particular section, you will have this particular source
code up and running.
So you will see that I have created a simple like super simple application over here where you have
got your name here.
This is mainly for the session ID, if you remember that we were passing in our last section of the
course, the same idea is this.
So this is the session name.
And then we have got some options over here.
So based on the expert level you are going to be getting the answer for your for your query that you're
going to be asking.
And over here you can see that we have got a small chat message or chat input from the Streamlit app
where I'm going to be asking the question over here.
So let's say I'm going to ask how to write a simple protein genetic or whatever.
So I'm just going to ask this question.
Uh, so we'll see how the bot is going to answer.
You see that immediately this particular, uh, chatbot is going to answer the question pretty much
like how it is doing with the actual ChatGPT that you can ask from the online, and you will notice
that it is also having a logo for the user, like a user logo, and there is a bot logo for the response
you're going to be getting in over here.
And also notice that how it is neatly formatting all the, uh, all the genetic sequence for our question
that we are asking, and it is also showing the details over there.
The similar thing is going to happen if you want to ask for writing a simple, uh, selenium with,
uh, Java code for google.com.
And if I do that, you'll notice that it is going to write all the details.
And again it is going to, uh, write the dependencies and it's going to write the Java code for the
selenium code that we are going to be that we can use.
And you will notice that all these are happening in our local large language model.
And it is using the Lang chain and the historical information for us.
And guess what?
If I'm going to ask a follow up question for this particular question, uh, how to tweak, uh, the
code, uh, with uh, playwright, uh, as well.
So if I ask this question and you notice that it knows that there is a context that I need to write
the code with the, uh, for the google.com website, and immediately it is now trying to set up the
project for the playwright, and it's also writing the code for me for the google.com.
And the reason why this is happening is because now this particular chatbot has got the context of the
earlier question that we have asked.
That's the reason why it could able to answer the question for the same kind of website, and then it
is just replacing it with a different tool this time and the same language as you can see.
So these are all happening because of all the chat message history that we have got with the runnable
message history that we have got.
So we're going to be using the same kind of technology in here as well.
And we'll see how we can able to create this chatbot in this particular section.